docs/Blocks/Block/import-blocks.md, before:

---
title: Import blocks
description: This is a guide for importing blocks in Sketchware pro.
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Import blocks in Sketchware
To import block in Sketchware pro you need block file generated by exporting block.

For example I am going to use [File.json](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BVXQmYPJ-kHlt70y4j4eZt7TpMlUOhnJ/view?usp=drivesdk) and trying to import block from this file to Sketchware pro.

Step 1 : Go to Sketchware and click on 3 dots.
![Open menu](assets/Open-menu.jpg)

Step 2 : Go to developer tools
![Developer tools](assets/developer-tools.jpg)

Step 3 : Select Block manager
![Block manager](assets/block-manager.jpg)

Step 4 : Click on ![Add icon](assets/ic_add_white.png) icon.
![Add block](assets/Add-block.jpg)

Step 5 : Enter a name for palette name as you want and select color by clicking on color icon and then click on save.
![Creating palette](assets/creating-palette.jpg)

Step 6 : Here at the bottom a palette has been created successfully just click it and it will open a new screen.
![Palette Created](assets/palette-created.jpg)

Step 7 : Click on ![Menu icon](assets/ic_menu_black.png).
![Import-block](assets/import-block.jpg)

Step 8 : Click on Import block.This will open a file selector.Navigate to your block file and then click on Select.
![import-block-option](assets/import-block-option.jpg)

Step 9 : This will open a popup containing the list of blocks present in that file.Select blocks which you want to add then click on Import.
![Importing block](assets/import-button-block.jpg)

Info : Blocks are imported successfully you can check it by opening project.Below is an image of the imported blocks.
![Imported block image](assets/result.jpg)

Commit message:

Adds :  Blog : Contributors  Docs : Creating More block Fix :  Docs : Fixes grammer Feat :  Doc : Highlight language set as java in code  Doc : Version caution for some doc

docs/Blocks/Block/import-blocks.md, after:

---
title: Import blocks
description: This is a guide for importing blocks in Sketchware pro.
sidebar_position: 2
---
# Import blocks in Sketchware
:::caution
This doc is fully valid for the `Sketchware Pro v6.4.0 test build 05` version of Sketchware Pro. If further updates are published then this documentation may be valid or may be not valid.
:::
To import blocks in Sketchware pro you need a block file generated by exporting the block.

For example, I am going to use [File.json](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BVXQmYPJ-kHlt70y4j4eZt7TpMlUOhnJ/view?usp=drivesdk) and trying to import block from this file to Sketchware pro.

Step 1: Go to Sketchware and click on 3 dots.
![Open menu](assets/Open-menu.jpg)

Step 2: Go to developer tools
![Developer Tools](assets/developer-tools.jpg)

Step 3: Select Block manager
![Block manager](assets/block-manager.jpg)

Step 4: Click on Add icon.
![Add block](assets/Add-block.jpg)

Step 5: Enter a name for the palette name as you want and select a color by clicking on the color icon and then clicking on save.
![Creating palette](assets/creating-palette2.jpg)

Step 6: Here at the bottom a palette has been created successfully just click it and it will open a new screen.
![Palette Created](assets/palette-created.jpg)

Step 7: Click on the Menu icon.
![Import-block](assets/import-block.jpg)

Step 8: Click on Import block. This will open a file selector. Navigate to your block file and then click on Select.
![import-block-option](assets/import-block-option.jpg)

Step 9: This will open a popup containing the list of blocks present in that file. Select the block which you want to add then click on Import.
![Importing block](assets/import-button-block.jpg)

Info: Blocks are imported successfully you can check it by the opening project. Below is an image of the imported blocks.
![Imported block image](assets/result.jpg)
