docs/intro.md, before:

---
title: Indroduction
description: Indroducing Sketchware Pro! Create Android apps on your smartphone, without writing even a single line of code.
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Sketchware Pro

Let's discover **Sketchware Pro in less than 5 minutes**.
You can download Sketchware Pro from [here](/download).
## What Sketchware Pro is?
Sketchware Pro is the ultimate Android app builder for developers of all skill levels. With its simple drag-and-drop method, you can create stunning apps with ease. And the best part? Sketchware Pro is completely free! That's right, from starting to end, you can build your dream app without spending a dime. And, if you're feeling adventurous, Sketchware Pro is also an open-source project on GitHub, so you can tweak and customize it to your heart's content. So why wait? Start building your dream app today with Sketchware Pro!
## Wanna contribute to Sketchware pro?
To contribute to Sketchware Pro, you can follow these steps:

1.  Fork the Sketchware Pro repository on GitHub.
2.  Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
3.  Make changes to the code on your local machine.
4.  Test your changes to ensure they work as intended.
5.  Commit your changes to your local repository.
6.  Push your changes to your forked repository on GitHub.
7.  Create a pull request to merge your changes into the main Sketchware Pro repository.

You can also contribute by reporting issues, suggesting new features, and helping to answer questions in the Sketchware Pro community.

## Full docs
You can find full introduction on the [official Sketchware docs website](https://sketchware-docs.vercel.app/docs/getting-started.html/).

Commit message:

Intro : new topic Completely PC-Independent

docs/intro.md, after:

---
title: Indroduction
description: Indroducing Sketchware Pro! Create Android apps on your smartphone, without writing even a single line of code.
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Sketchware Pro

Let's discover **Sketchware Pro in less than 5 minutes**.
You can download Sketchware Pro from [here](/download).
## What Sketchware Pro is?
Sketchware Pro is the ultimate Android app builder for developers of all skill levels. With its simple drag-and-drop method, you can create stunning apps with ease. And the best part? Sketchware Pro is completely free! That's right, from starting to end, you can build your dream app without spending a dime. And, if you're feeling adventurous, Sketchware Pro is also an open-source project on GitHub, so you can tweak and customize it to your heart's content. So why wait? Start building your dream app today with Sketchware Pro!
From designing to programming, you can create a completely native Android application by simply drag and dropping.

### Completely PC-Independent 
From setting up to publishing your first Android application, you can handle all the process without leaving your smartphone.

## Wanna contribute to Sketchware pro?
To contribute to Sketchware Pro, you can follow these steps:

1.  Fork the Sketchware Pro repository on GitHub.
2.  Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
3.  Make changes to the code on your local machine.
4.  Test your changes to ensure they work as intended.
5.  Commit your changes to your local repository.
6.  Push your changes to your forked repository on GitHub.
7.  Create a pull request to merge your changes into the main Sketchware Pro repository.

You can also contribute by reporting issues, suggesting new features, and helping to answer questions in the Sketchware Pro community.
